Xiaofan
Grandpa Jiang and I chose three days for you.
One is the twenty-eighth day of the first lunar month
Just in time for the Lantern Festival
As soon as I get married, you see
February
Lantern Festival is not Cher
When grandpa was diagnosed with leukemia?
How could I have forgotten about this?
I'm such a beast
I just think about making money
I forgot something so important
Xiaofan, what are you doing?
That dad, don't you worry about that day?
I have to go to Master Jiang's first
What is this?
Grandpa Jiang Xiaoye
Cher is in the house
No, have you been coughing up blood recently?
What!
Grandpa, you're coughing up blood, don't listen to Xiaoye's nonsense
Grandpa, this is all an old problem.
When the day changes, I feel like coughing
Grandpa can
You said you didn't cough up blood